Times like this, I get a little worried
that someone I know might-
Yamori-kun!
Who's that?
What do I do?
Do I run?
No, there's no point thinking about it.
Bring it on!
Good evening.
Oh yeah, I get that too.
If I'm shopping on a day off and spot my boss,
I quietly sneak away so that I don't get found out.
You too, huh?
Totally!
Are you on the way home from work?
Yeah, I got off relatively early today.
This is early?
You know, I wanted to thank you.
Here!
Thank me?
You said you'd turn me into a vampire if I need it.
Just knowing that really took a load off my shoulders.
Thanks, Yamori-kun.
What is this?
This feels weird.
I'm used to people thanking me,
because I went out of my way
to be helpful at school.
But that image of myself was a lie.
I didn't do it for other people.
But I guess I had a personal interest
in wanting to help Kiyosumi-san.
Rain...
Well, this isn't very-
Komori Housing Complex Council
Nazuna Nanakusa
Ko Yamori
That day we were accomplices under the apple tree
We tried stepping over the line
Immediate black out
Oops, you're angry...
Chased away to this unfortunate dimension
I can't believe I...
Someone like me...
Of all people, I couldn't...
Wait, no way
I blamed you
Got hold of a secret
The fig leaves go right and left
In a blink of an eye I wake up
But then I'm falling toward the sky
I don't know, I just can't stop
Just one more bite
Again, Fallin' fallin' down in a spiral, falling on a skyscraper
Fallin' fallin' two all alone, we don't even notice the curtain call
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, forever
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, I let myself go
And just like that
The wounds are being filled, yeah
Again, Fallin' fallin' down in a spiral, falling on a skyscraper
Fallin' fallin' two all alone, we don't even notice the curtain call
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, forever
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, I let myself go
And just like that
The wounds are being filled, yeah
Wow, that was a surprise.
It came down so suddenly.
So, some people use smoking areas as rain shelters.
Is he hitting on her?
She turned him down.
Well, whatever.
You were watching just now.
Whatcha think?
What? Who?!
Huh? Uh...
Do you know what that was?
He made a move?
Yep! You got it.
He offered to pay me money.
Th-that must suck.
For women.
Not really.
I mean, I was waiting to get hit on.
Why?
An innocent question, I like it.
Well, I guess 'cuz I'm bored.
I'm bored, so I mess around with men who pick me up
and pretend like we're dating.
We sing karaoke, drink some booze...
Just to kill time.
Why'd you turn that guy down, er, miss?
He wasn't my type.
I don't just take anybody.
I could go home, but that blows.
I'm not sure, and I have no right to be saying this,
but isn't this person's way of
enjoying the night a little dangerous?
That uniform doesn't look familiar,
but she's in high school, right?
I THINK she's older than me...
What're you staring for, you perv?
Huh?!
N-n-n-no! That's not what I intended!
What? I don't mind.
Hey...
Don't you want a better look?
Um, do you do this kind of thing with anybody?
I don't really think that's good...
You don't sound convincing
when you're ogling like that.
N-no! I really didn't mean to do that!
You crack me up.
I'm kind of curious now.
Hey, my soda!
H-hey!
Will you give me back my drink?
Drank it all!
What?!
What's her problem?
Y'know recently, things haven't been fun at all.
It's like, nothing's exciting.
Nothing I want to do works out.
I'm tired of trying to be agreeable, too.
And it's not like I've got anyone
to talk to about this stuff.
I see, she feels that way too.
Just like me...
It'll be okay!
I'm the same as you.
Thanks, you're so nice...
Ko Yamori-kun.
Hey, you...
You think you can just take someone else's prey,
you friggin' hussy?
Nazuna...
Hey, Nazuna...
Everyone's talking about you.
That you're hanging with some human like an idiot.
And not even to make offspring.
That kind of thing's against the rules.
You know you've gotta reproduce properly.
What are you, some naggy mother-in-law?
A vampire?
That's right.
I heard Nazuna had a new human buddy,
so I wanted to see what he's like.
But what the heck are you two doing?
If you're not gonna make him your offspring,
you can't let him live!
Sucking blood is for siring offspring,
or else it's a meal.
Meaning you suck your victim down
to the very last drop...
and kill him!
Ow...
Your brute strength hasn't changed!
But...
We got him.
Nazuna, we're going to borrow this boy for a bit.
Sorry, Nazuna.
That's what we were after from the-
Where'd she take Ko-kun?
You're totally pissed.
That's hilarious.
That freaked me out.
Nazuna-chan's...
Well, she's a vampire.
Of course she's superhuman.
Yamori-kun, was it?
Huh? Uh, yes.
I hear you've been a good friend to Nazuna.
I guess?
We're going down.
Don't bite your tongue.
Uh? R-right!
Welcome, human boy.
Sorry for handling you so roughly.
Wow, he's really just a kid.
This is what Nanakusa-san's into?
That's kind of a surprise.
Nazuna's, well, a bit unusual, you know?
But he's pretty cute, isn't he?
Are they all vampires?
Nazuna-chan once said that vampires
have attractive faces.
It's true...
Yamori-kun, was it?
Let's cut to the chase.
Choose which of us you prefer.
The one you name will turn you into a vampire.
Then we won't have to kill you.
What?
Now that you know vampires exist
and might very well learn more about our habits,
you're a threat.
So we're giving you a choice.
Choose me, Niko Hirata...
Midori Kohakobe...
Hatsuka Suzushiro...
or Kabura Honda behind you.
Oh, the one you met first, Seri Kikyou,
is another option.
Uh? I just want Nazuna-chan, actually.
Seriously?
No, no, no, that can't be right!
We command maximum popularity power,
and you're rejecting us for a dunce
who'd fail romance for life?!
Uh, what's popularity power?
7th Night: Reproduce
So anyway...
What the heck?!
This is insulting.
Calm down.
Everything's just so sudden, right, Yamori-kun?
Don't worry.
You're eventually going to fall for me
in the end, anyway.
Hey, I can't let that slide.
Are you saying I'm not as good as you?
What? I never said that!
It's just...
Virgins don't dig your style, Niko-chan.
U-uh, hey...  What?
Logically speaking, I'm the best fit.
What are you fighting about?
Hey!
And I like virgins.
For starters, why are you all arguing
under the assumption that I'm a virgin?!
Huh?! You're not a virgin?!
What?! Of course I am!
Don't startle me like that!
S-see? You wouldn't be a good fit, Niko-chan.
That's not true.
I feel like I'd get along pretty well with Yamori-kun.
What? Really?
There she goes.
Niko-chan's I think we'd get along tactic.
A clever preemptive move to make the person
feel more open to talking.
I use it, too.
It has the power to charm any man.
So she's serious about winning him over.
Is she going to beat us to it?!
Niko-san, was it?
Oh, but it's true,
you're the most like Nazuna-chan
out of everyone here.
How?!
How the heck am I anything like
that unpopular letdown?!
Like, the way you talk and stuff.
But I mean, are you saying Nazuna-chan isn't popular?
With those looks?
Well...
It's true, she does have a pretty face.
The thing with Nazuna-chan is,
she doesn't try to be popular.
In order to make humans fall in love with us
for efficiently making more offspring,
we vampires are adept at acting in ways
that attract humans.
That's how we've evolved.
So we're all equally prone to popularity,
because we live lifestyles that make us popular.
But she has an aversion to that.
I don't understand why.
Boys who have their heads full of
romantic feelings are so cute.
Right?
I know what you mean.
That kind of desperation and yearning is so adorable!
What's with the girl talk all of a sudden?
What happened to that guy
you met at the bar the other day?
You're right, we haven't heard about him since.
I got a text saying he broke up with his girlfriend.
Ooh!
Whoa, that's when things get the most interesting!
I really can't deal with this vibe...
I've always thought this:
"I really hate that gossipy, girly way you lot talk."
Uhhh...
Listen, Nazuna...
Sure, we all know your deal.
You blush way too easily.
Shut up.
Still, to fool around with a boy you don't intend to turn,
a human you're not going to try to win over...
We all think that's asking for trouble.
You realize he's the one in danger at this rate.
I have no idea why you're fooling around
with a human kid, but-
I know that, okay?
No, you don't!
That's why we've gone out of our way to-
To what?
Get killed?
Besides...
Well, uh...
I do have plans to make offspring.
What?! For real?
This isn't your usual bluff to get by, is it?!
What, you have a guy?!
Well, kind of...
Then the kid was really just a diversion, huh?
Don't worry.
We'll make sure we turn him into one of our own,
or kill him!
No, I mean...
What I'm saying is...
Yamori-kun...
I want to hear more about you, Yamori-kun.
There it is.
Midori Kohakobe's favorite tactic...
...the "I'm Interested in You" move!
So Yamori-kun, what's your ideal type of girl?
She has a way with words that has
supposedly ruined many a community.
Oh hey, I like being closer to people when we talk.
Can I come over by you?
Such fluid command of the conversation
and a natural seat relocation.
Generally, they say a seat diagonally across is the
most effective for getting closer to a person...
...but I guess right next to him is ultimately
more advantageous to make an assertive move.
There we go.
So? Is Nazuna-chan your type?
Well, I wouldn't say that...
And what about me?
Maybe? No?
Oh, actually, never mind!
What?
Well...
If you said I was a "no," I'd be devastated.
Kohakobe-san...
No guy can say "no" after hearing that.
And once he replies, "You're a definite yes!"
whether he means it or not, he'll get sucked in.
Oftentimes, he really ends up thinking "yes."
Well, if I had to choose, it would be a "no."
What?!
This kid is something else.
She froze...
Well actually, I don't really understand the
whole thing about liking someone.
It's not that you're specifically a "no," Kohakobe-san.
I just don't understand when someone is a "yes,"
at least, not yet.
This is the first time a guy said I'm a "no."
But you know...
If you don't choose one of us to like
and become a vampire,
you're going to be killed.
By us.
Do you not understand the situation you're in?
We're showing mercy by giving you a choice.
We don't want to kill if we don't need to.
If you don't experience romantic attraction
and you don't intend on becoming a vampire,
we cannot allow you to keep seeing Nazuna.
But I do want to become a vampire.
Huh?
What?!
What?
What do you mean?
You're not just lying because you don't want to die?
It's true!
I thought the conversation wasn't clicking somehow.
And Nazuna?
Does Nazuna know about this?
I mean, that's why I want...
...to fall in love with Nazuna-chan!
Is she pissed?
Nazuna...
Nazuna-chan?
Wait, is she...
No good, her face is all red!
She won't be doing any talking for a while.
Is she still not over her embarrassment
of romantic topics?
Nope.
N...Nazuna-chan, you okay?
Shut up.
Don't talk to me.
See, that attitude is why guys
don't dig you, Nazuna-chan.
Yeah, that's right!
You should've said thanks and
when he lends you his shoulder to stand up,
you throw yourself at him!
Shut it!
Let's go, Ko-kun.
Oh, uh, right.
Hold on, not so fast, Nazuna.
You really think we'll just let you go?
Isn't there something you need to tell us?
What, Niko?
You want me to apologize for the trouble?
No idiot! It's the love talk, what else?!
Right, people?
Obviously!
How are you going to get Yamori-kun to fall for you?
Tell us, Nanakusa-san.
You can't be serious...
Do you have a concrete plan?
Why would-
Of course you don't.
You never involved yourself with anyone, not even us.
You never made offspring no matter how
many times we said you should.
So why is this boy special to you?
I'm so intrigued to know
what Nazuna's favorite tastes like.
When Nazuna isn't available,
why don't you try hanging out with me?
There she goes, that bad habit of hers.
Come on, Yamo-
Don't go touching my prey
with your filthy hands, Kabura.
Or I really will kill you.
Whoa, now, that's enough, Nazuna.
You too, Kabura.
I can't just let you kill amongst ourselves.
Besides, Kabura's comment makes sense.
We're very confused right now.
You, Nazuna, the one who was so
averse to making offspring,
are now spending nights with a human child.
How is Ko Yamori different
from the other humans before?
Answer me, Nazuna.
I would really prefer to hear some love talk
and leave it at that.
If not...
You understand, don't you?
If you lot try anything funny with Ko-kun, I'll-
Nazuna-chan said my blood was tasty.
And after meeting Nazuna-chan,
I decided I wanted to be a vampire.
So our situation is built on an
agreement between the two of us.
Nazuna-chan wants to suck my blood
and I want to become a vampire.
Is there anything more that needs to be said?
That depends on Nazuna.
You wouldn't understand Yamori-kun,
but we don't trust Nazuna yet.
Maybe she has no intention of
making you her offspring,
and is lying to all of us.
Why you little...
Nazuna-chan told me,
"If you wanna fall in love, go ahead."
I see, I see.
So that's your deal, Nazuna.
Well, then that's good enough!
What does that mean?
Um, I think Nanakusa-san's trying
to hide her embarrassment,
but I think he doesn't have to tell her
when he falls in love.
She'll suck his blood,
and he can just turn into a vampire whenever.
A kind of unspoken agreement, if you will.
What? That's not romantic at all!
But isn't that more fun,
like a wham-bam, shotgun marriage?
There she goes again...
That's really unbecoming of Nazuna, don't you think?
I know!
She could restrain herself a bit, right?
So Nazuna-chan's the only one who likes dirty jokes.
Anyway, fine.
We're going to accept you, for now at least.
So we won't suddenly kidnap Yamori-kun and kill him.
Though if you take too long, we may rethink things.
Don't worry.
I intend to become a vampire
no matter how many years it takes.
Uh...
Wh-what is it?
The call of the night
Light it up, moonlight
Eye caught by blue light
Neon signs call to the surface and below
The call of the night
Take me away, midnight
Bloodshot red eyes
A lullaby for grownups
I liked the night from when I was a kid
I kinda hated going to bed at nine
It just felt like a waste somehow
I wanted to get to know you better
Hey hey
The early bird gets the worm
But forget that, I want to see further and further and further in
Unravel in deep shades
From 12 o'clock to the hours of the ox
The first time I stepped over you
No, the first I mounted you was at fourteen, I think
Me, just an ignorant wannabe
Led by the hand, everything was new
That appearance and that fragrance
That dark skin that fits well with the quiet
I was drawn in, submissive to the beckoning
Then you gave me music
You showed me a woman's naked body
I put my lips to alcohol I'd never drank before
And snuck a cigarette from my pops and lit it
Things I shouldn't do flood the space
Things I shouldn't know all over the place
Hidden in the darkness that comes to greet me
You were always so fickle
The call of the night
Light it up, moonlight
Eye caught by blue light
Neon signs call to the surface and below
The call of the night
Take me away, midnight
Bloodshot red eyes
A lullaby for grownups